Deep Learning - Interview Question Solutions

1. When would you use a recurrent neural network?
    - RNNs work well on sequential data - this can include time series data,
      sound data, video data, natural language data, etc.

2. How do recurrent neural networks work?
    - At a high level, RNNs work using recurrent layers - in these layers,
      the output of the layer is put “back into” that layer and combined with
      the next iteration.

3. What hyperparameters are available in LSTMs?
    - There are many, but some commonly adjusted hyperparameters include:
      Units, activation, return_sequences, etc.

4. Explain neural networks to a non-technical coworker.
    - Neural networks consist of various layers. You can think of each layer as
      learning one pattern in the dataset. The data is fed forward through the
      network and our layers are updated in order to minimize the error or come
      up with the best predictions possible.

5. Imagine you are using a neural network to classify images, but your image
   dataset is very small. You need additional data to build a decent model but
   you do not have access to any other images. What would you do?
    - Image augmentation - like stretching, flipping, blurring, etc. of your
      images - can create more images without having to gather additional data.

6. How does backpropagation work?
    - Backpropagation works through the process of gradient descent.
      The gradient of the loss function with respect to the network’s weights
      are calculated and then the weights are updated based on this.
      This ultimately tries to find the minimum of the loss function.
      The “back” part of backpropagation refers to this being done backwards
      through the network - the calculation of the gradient proceeds backwards
      through the network (final layer to first layer).

7. What types of neural networks have you worked with?
    - {answers will vary} Feed-forward, CNNs, RNNs. Give examples of projects
      you have done that involve each of these networks.

8. What types of datasets are neural networks best for?
    - Very large datasets, complex datasets including image data, text data,
      speech/sound data, etc.

9. Why are CNNs good for image data?
    - CNNs reduce the number of parameters without sacrificing quality - since
      images have such large dimensions, this could take a long time without
      methods like CNNs. They are also able to extract features from the images.

10. What are the drawbacks of data augmentation?
    - There is the potential that the augmented data does not reflect the
      real world data, so the model will not be able to generalize well to new data.
